All right, so in this video, we're going to create a login screen and we're going to also implement
the navigation between the logging screen and the sign up screen.
OK, so we can move back and forth.
All right.
So let's get started.
We're going to go ahead and create a new codling file.
I'm going to call this login screen.
Make sure that's a file so that it doesn't create the class for us, and then we're going to create
a composable full log in screen.
Now we're going to need a couple of parameters, just like we did for the signup screen.
So we're going to need the nav controller to navigate and we're going to need the view model as well.
OK, we're not going to use them in this video, but of course, we need those to implement the login
screen later on.
Now here, and I'm going to create a text view just to be able to move between this screen and the other.
And I'm just going to copy the text view from here, OK, from the sign up screen.
Already, a user go to log in.
It's going to be the same text view, but with a different message and a different clickable.
OK, so here, instead of this message, I'm going to say something like new here.
Go to sign up and an arrow.
All right.
So we have our login screen now we need to add it to our navigation in our main activity.
OK, so at the top here we have destination screen, so we need another object log in.
That is a destination screen with the root log.
OK, and we need to add it to our nav host.
So composable destination screen dot logging dot root.
And then log in screen with the nav controller.
And the VM.
OK, so we can now navigate between the two.
So let's go ahead and implement a navigation function that we can call throughout our application,
OK, we're going to need to move through different screens from many places in our app.
So that means we're going to add it to our main common bits file.
So here I'm going to say not a composable, but just a simple function.
Navigate to.
NAF controller, and we need a destination which is a destination screen.
All right, so let's go ahead and implement this, we're just going to call the NAF controller dot,
navigate to our destination dark roots with a couple of parameters and that those are going to be pop
up to.
Destination dog roots and launch single top equals true.
Now the reason for these parameters is that, first of all, we may have a user that kind of jumps back
and forth multiple screens, and we don't want to open the same screen multiple times.
OK, so we just need to pop up the back stack to that particular screen and launch it a single time.
That means we pop up to that screen, but we don't launch a new screen.
We just use the existing one.
OK.
That will basically maintain our state and make sure that we don't have a large number of screens in
our back stack.
OK, so we have our navigate to function so we can actually implement that in the log in screen inside
the clickable here.
We're going to say navigate to.
And we're going to pass the NAF controller, and we're going to pass a destination's green dot sign
up.
OK, so we need to navigate to sign up, and we're going to do the same thing in the sign up screen
here.
We're going to see navigate to.
We're going to pass the move controller and destination screen.
Dot.
Log in.
OK, so we're just going to allow the user to move back and forth between log in and sign up.
So that's pretty much it.
Let's go ahead and try out the application and see if we can move between the screens.
All right, so we are in sign up if I click here, I go to log in screen, which is tell me you can
go to sign up so that I can move back and forth between the two.
All right.
So that is navigation implemented.
And I think in the next video, we'll start to implement our login screen.
I will see you there.